difference between window screen and document in javascript
The window object represents the browser window itself and provides methods for interacting with the browser's environment. 
The document object represents the current web page's content and structure, allowing manipulation using the DOM.
A document is an object inside the window object and we use a document object for manipulation inside the document. 
The first thing that gets loaded into the browser is the window and the properties related to that window are stored 
in the window object.

The window is the actual global object. 
The screen is the screen, it contains properties about the user's display
the document is where the DOM is.

The Document object(DOM) is your html, aspx, php, or other document that will be loaded into the browser. 
The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties available
 to it like title, URL, cookie,

Windows object:
It gives access to the browser's methods and attributes as the global object in the browser environment. 
The window object is the global object in the web browser environment.
 It represents the current window or frames that the JavaScript code is running in.
 A browser window is represented by the window object.

  difference between window and document and viewport:
 It is your  device screen. Window: It is your browser window.
 The window can be as big as viewport or smaller. Document: 
 It is the webpage.

The DOM is a tree-like representation of the web page that gets loaded into the browser. 
It represents the web page using a‌‌ series of objects. The main object is the document object, 
which in turn houses other objects which also house their own objects, and so .

 different types of objects in windows:
The system provides three categories of objects: 
user, graphics device interface (GDI), and kernel. 
The system uses user objects to support window management, GDI objects to support graphics, 
and kernel objects to support memory management, process execution, and interprocess communications (IPC).

 user objects in Windows:
User objects are accelerator tables, carets, icons, cursors, 
DDE conversations, hooks, menus, windows, and window positions. 
Almost any Windows application, directly or indirectly, creates user objects: 
when a window is shown, an appropriate HWND is allocated.

he window object is supported by all browsers. 
It represents the browser's window. 
All global JavaScript objects, functions, and variables automatically become members of the window object. 
Global variables are properties of the window object. 
Global functions are methods of the window object.

The Document Object Model is not used to describe objects in XML or HTML
 whereas the DOM describes XML and HTML documents as objects. 
The Document Object Model is not represented by a set of data structures;
 it is an interface that specifies object representation.



